README.md, before:

# hambiABBAssembly

[Click here to view rendered notebooks of the analysis.](https://slhogle.github.io/hambiABBAssembly/)

## Manuscript:

"TBD"

[Preprint available from bioRxiv]()

## Data

Data and code here is provided under GPL3. Feel free to use or remix as you see fit.

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/)

### Project structure
1.  `/R` contains R scripts and [Quarto notebooks](https://quarto.org/)
2.  `/renv` code for [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html)
3.  `/data` contains data that has been processed in some way for later use
4.  `/_data_raw` contains unprocessed data scraped from compute cluster
5.  `/figs` contains figures generated from R scripts

## Availability

The rendered project site is available at <https://slhogle.github.io/hambiABBAssembly/>. The website has been produced using [Quarto notebooks](https://quarto.org/).

This GitHub repository (<https://github.com/slhogle/hambiABBAssembly>) hosts the code and data for this project. The rendered webpage can be fully recreated using the code.

## Reproducibility

The project uses [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html) to create reproducible environment to execute the code in this project. [See here](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/articles/renv.html#collaboration) for a brief overview on collaboration and reproduction of the entire project. To get up and running you can do:

``` r
install.packages("renv")
renv::restore()
```

Commit message:

changing some formating of html index

README.md, after:

# hambiEvoEnvCoexist

[Click here to view rendered notebooks of the analysis.](https://slhogle.github.io/hambiEvoEnvCoexist/)

## Manuscript:

### Published record

TBD

### Preprint

TBD

## Availability

Data and code in this GitHub repository (<https://github.com/slhogle/hambiEvoEnvCoexist>) is provided under [GNU AGPL3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html).
The rendered project site is available at <https://slhogle.github.io/hambiEvoEnvCoexist/>, which has been produced using [Quarto notebooks](https://quarto.org/). 
The content on the rendered site is released under the [CC BY 4.0.](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
This repository hosts all code and data for this project including the code necessary to fully recreate the rendered webpage.

An archived release of the code here is available from Zenodo: 

Raw sequencing data using in the project is available from NCBI Bioproject []().

## Reproducibility

The project uses [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html) to create reproducible environment to execute the code in this project. [See here](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/articles/renv.html#collaboration) for a brief overview on collaboration and reproduction of the entire project. To get up and running you can do:

``` r
install.packages("renv")
renv::restore()
```
